The following appeared in a memorandum from the manager of WWAC radio station.

"WWAC must change from its current rock-music format because the number of listeners has been declining, even though the population in our listening area has been growing. The population growth has resulted mainly from people moving to our area after their retirement, and we must make listeners of these new residents. But they seem to have limited interest in music: several local stores selling recorded music have recently closed. Therefore, just changing to another kind of music is not going to increase our audience. Instead, we should adopt a news-and-talk format, a form of radio that is increasingly popular in our area."
Write a response in which you discuss what questions would need to be answered in order to decide whether the recommendation and the argument on which it is based are reasonable. Be sure to explain how the answers to these questions would help to evaluate the recommendation.

-----------------

In his memo, the manager of WWAC radio station argues that they must change the format of their radio broadcast in order to redeem the declining number of listeners. To support this argument, he mentioned the fact that although the local population is growing, the number of audience reduces. Moreover, he implies that several local music stores have recently closed, which is the signal of a fading public interest in music. As it stands, the argument suffers from several crucial flaws as follows.

First of all, the validity of several facts is open to doubt. There is no specific information about the demographics which show the population is growing. Without the authoritativeness of the result of the census being confirmed, no accurate conclusion can derive from the putative fact. Consequentially, the argument that the increase of local population mainly results from retired old people is untenable. What's more, the manager indicates that a news-and-talk format radio is increasingly popular in this area. In absense of specific information that supports it, it's impossible for us to evaluate the argument.

In addition, the manager unfairly assumes that the closure of the local music stores results from the fact that the new residents have a limited interest on music, since many other reasons may well explain the situation. For example, with the advance of technology, nowadays more and more copyright music are available from the Internet. Apparently, there are no reason for people to go to the music store and buy CDs if they can do the same thing at home through online payment and downloading. Unless other possibilities have be considered and ruled out, the conclusion is unconvincing.

Finally, the argument made by the manager is based on a gratuitous assumption that switching to a new format will help them to win customers back, which is, of course, unwarranted. Since the news-and-talk format is being more and more popular, Why people need yet another news-and-talk radio program? It is highly possible that they gain nothing after changing their format because they have to hire new staffs and re-establish their fame, while there are already formidable competitors. What's more, they will incontrovertibly lose all their former audience who love music. The manager fails to convince us that the change of format he wants is judicious.

To sum up, the conclusion reached in the argument lacks credibility since the evidence cited in the analysis does not lend strong support to what the manager claims.
