In his memorandum, the manager of KNOW radio station suggest that KNOW should switch their format from rock-and-roll music to a 24-hour news program. To support this conclusion, he enumerate some factors that indicate the necessity of this change. As it stands, the argument suffers from several fatal flaws as follows.

First of all, the manager fails to convince us of the validity of those factors mentioned in his argument. The increase of number of people over 50 years old, as well as the decrease of their audience is unfounded if the authoritativeness of those data is provided. What's more, he mentions the decline of sale of rock-and-roll music in some local music stores, which is, of course, also unconvincing. Even the prosperity of continuous news stations in neighboring cities is called in to question, because the definition of "very successful" depends of people's sensation rather than concrete data.

Additionally, the manager commits a fallacy of oversimplification. As we all know, there are several major factors contribute to the decreased sales of rock-and-roll music in the music stores. There are so many things unpredictable that change the fashion of music. For example, the success of a new classical album will temporarily overshadow the popularity of rock music. Also, it's highly possible that, with the development of technology, more and more local residents prefer to purchase copyright music online and download them. Apparently, there are no longer reason for customers to go to the music store and pay something more for the physical media that carry the music.

Finally, the suggestion that KNOW should change to a news program is based on a gratuitous assumption that they can make more profits by doing this. He fails to consider so many factors that will mar his argument. For instance, they have to hire new staff and re-establish their fame among so many formidable competitors who have already won many audience loyalty in the field of news broadcasting.

To sum up, the conclusion drawn in the argument lacks credibility since the evidence cited in the analysis does lend strong support to what the manager claims.
