Students should have the freedom to choose their interest, which in turn they pursue as a life-long career. Therefore it is inappropriate for educational institutions to help student to decide their interest as well as their vocation. Among myriad reasons that make me think in this way, these are the 2 most conspicuous ones.

First of all, interest on specific should be discovered and cultivated by students themselves rather than be "encouraged" by educational education. If a student does not exhibit any interest on law, then any kind of suggestion that he pursues lawyer as a job simply because it makes more money is apparently preposterous. Even if the student accept the encouragement and take a lucrative job, there is no guarantee that he would love his job, not to mention be conscientious about his work. If people still believe that the volition and discretion of students per se should be respected, my argument would be easily convincing.

What's more, the definition of a "lucrative career" is precarious. Nobody can assertively contend that certain occupations would be permanently lucrative. Actually, anyone with sanity would agree that the social apprehension and comprehension of a profitable career largely depends on the era and social phase we live in. For instance, computer science is becoming more and more popular these days, while some traditional field of study begin to impart signal of stagnating. However, there is no warranty that the human resource market of computer science would never be slaked. Clearly, educational institute shouldn't, if not "couldn't", afford such risk that student might be vindictive to the institution. The only one who can affort it, is students themselves.

That being said, people who oppugn my opinion would insist that students are too young to be visionary. They argue that it would be the liability of the education provider to guide the way of career for students. This type of opinion is also untenable. If student cannot decide what they want to be currently, chances are that they haven't yet discover their true immanent call of duty. The right thing a educational institution should do is help student to fathom their inborn ambition, rather than decide their job based on whether the job makes more money.

To sum up, I strongly oppose the opinion that educational institute encourage field of study for student based on lucrative jobs.
