Cities are places where the gregariousness of society makes everything better. While there is no doubt that the form of major cities of a nation is the hallmark of its mordenization, I can hardly agree with the opinion that governments should ensure their major cities receive the extra financial support. Among so many reasons that support my objection, there are 2 most conspicuous ones, as follows.

First of all, the prosperity of a city should be natural. That is to say, if a city failed to thrive in the history, there must be disadvantages that impeded its development, such as its geographical location, its cultural parochialism, or its lack of economic resources. In other words, it would be futile for governments to financially support a city that will never thrive due to its own incontrovertible limits. The idea of Darwin evolution is incarnated here: natural selection is also applicable to the success of cities. Even if a city which failed to thrive in the history succeeds after receiving financial support from goverments, I can hardly be convinced that it can be self-perpetuating, when support is withdrawn.

What's more, regions suffering from poverty, rather than major cities, need financial support most, given the limited amount of income of governments. Although the development of major cities represent the robustness and power of the economy of a country, balanced income and the equilibrium of economic distribution are also indispensable. A huge financial gap between cities and poor regions is a social malady, which would incite discontent people and in turn undermine the stability of the country.

Admittedly, people are more sociable in cities, thus new culture and tradition are more likely to be established. For this point, as far as I am concerned, it is gratuitous to assume that culture and tradition only exist in cities. Instead, culture is what pervades the gene of the whole nation via cohersion of people of the country, and traditions always descend from our ancestry regardless of location. So it is unwarranted for governments to financially support cities simply based on this argument.

In conclusion, I strongly oppose the idea that government should give financial support to its major cities in order to make them thrive.
